{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green104\blue131;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c8627\c48235\c58431;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww42980\viewh12440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Etani, Noriko (2019). "Development of a predictive model for on\uc0\u8209 time arrival flight of airliner by discovering correlation between flight and weather data." Journal of Big Data, 6:85.\cb1 \
\cb3 James, Witten, Hastie, and Tibshirani (2017). "An Introduction to Statistical Learning," Springer, chapters 4, 5, 6, and 8.\cb1 \
\cb3 Kafle, Nabin, and Bo Zou (2016). \'93Modeling Flight Delay Propagation: A New Analytical-Econometric Approach.\'94 Transportation Research Part B: Methodological, Pergamon, 1 Sept. 2016, www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0191261515302010.\cb1 \
\cb3 Parr, Terence and Howard, Jeremy (2020). "How to explain gradient boosting." Accessed in 2020:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://explained.ai/gradient-boosting/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 https://explained.ai/gradient-boosting/index.html}}.\cb1 \
\cb3 Patgiri, Ripon, Sajid Hussain and Aditya Nongmeikapam (2020). "Empirical Study on Airline Delay Analysis and Prediction."" arXiv. Accessed at:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.10254"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.10254}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Thiagarajan, B., L. Srinivasan, A. V. Sharma, D. Sreekanthan and V. Vijayaraghavan (2017)."A machine learning approach for prediction of on-time performance of flights," IEEE/AIAA 36th Digital Avionics Systems Conference (DASC), St. Petersburg, FL, 2017, pp. 1-6.\cb1 \
\cb3 The following document contains additional references to our research/literature review\cb1 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzO84jtXgSrKxz9oSo1jpRQUxAApW1fJcQDHvYE1Jgw/edit?usp=sharing"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AzO84jtXgSrKxz9oSo1jpRQUxAApW1fJcQDHvYE1Jgw/edit?usp=sharing}}}